 For the game I plan on building is going to be to have a homescreen which allows the user to read the rules, learn the units  and items/food.   They will have a set health of 100 for each set of games they play and if they survive the set they will be able to climb rank. Each set will be an x rounds against another bot/preset/player until one dies. For each charater there will be a diffrent amount of damage which can be dealt to the user. The cost of the charater will be equal to damage taken. The more expensive the unit the rare it would be and the more unique it's ability would be. Some synergies could be based on jobs, asthetic and/or "family". An example for synergy could be nymphs, dragons, hybrids, shapeshifting, ghosts and more. The economy should be simple but benefactory to those who understand it better. With a minimum of 5 gold per round, the player can get a bonus of gold depending on the win streak and lost streak. For instance a 2 round lead gives additional 1 coin but each additional 2 rounds give another 1 coin. If the player was on a lost streak then each round lost after the inital 2 would give the player x amount of coin according to lost streak - 2. Also for each 10 coins in the players bank about gift the player with 1 additional coin every round. The player makes one line up with bench where they can store additional units. the line up has a max of 5 units and the bench with a max of 3 units. After each round the cost of each units remaining will deal the same amount of damage as the cost of the living bench to the opponent's health. Once one player dies then the set is over and the winner will gain xp and possibly rank up. The loser will lose xp depending on the total amount of rounds played. 
